## Current business model

At the moment the customer has an already working bookstore, which provides every necessary product to the customers. Although purchasing books online is not yet possible, due to the lack of XYZ online bookshop. Our current project aims to extend the functionalities of the client company by providing a fully functional online bookstore.


Before the release of the online bookstore, customers have to actually show up in some of the XYZ bookstores, which is not a problem on its own, because buying books in real life can be fun and have its own feeling to hold a book or feel the scent of the new books, but it has very limited possibilities. For example, if a certain product is not available in the bookstore or it has been sold out, customers have to wait for the products sometimes more than a week which is quite frustrating, especially if you need your chosen book in hurry because it's as a gift, or you are in a rush because the beginning of the semester is right here and you don't have your required book for a course, so it's easy to assume that everyone wants to get their products as soon as possible. To solve this problem, we will create an online bookshop, which will be connected directly to the product storage, where the customers can find every single book they need, so it won't be necessary to ship the products to all XYZ bookstores, that means every order will be shipped right from the online bookstore, which makes the book buying / book shipping so much easier.


Furthermore, ordering an item online is much more convenient than taking any form of public transportation to get to the bookstore, not even mentioning the pollution that cars or any type of public transportation vehicle can cause to the atmosphere, and also you don't need to spend hours to get to the store, trying to find the book you wanted, especially if this day is one of the weekend days, you need to deal with the crowd everywhere in the city, and actually in this time you can't be with your loved ones or you can't just relax at home. Ordering from home is not just convenient but also protects the environment, and protect your nerves from becoming too angry about the lots of people all around the city.


As a result, customers will more likely spend their money on books at the XYZ bookshop and hopefully they want to use the online bookstore more and more often, because it is so much easier if they can make an order from their computer at home, or from their phone at work, or any remote place that is not any of the bookstores of the Company. That is the main reason the website shall be created and help to make the customers' lives so much easier.
